docs/tutorials/video-tutorials.rst, before:

.. meta::
   :description: ROCm Systems Profiler video documentation and reference
   :keywords: rocprof-sys, rocprofiler-systems, Omnitrace, ROCm, profiler, video, tutorial, demonstration, tracking, visualization, tool, Instinct, accelerator, AMD

****************************************************
Video tutorials
****************************************************

Installing a binary release
========================================

.. raw:: html

   <p align="center"><iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/gKtNCKf1IXA?modestbranding=1" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe></p>

Instrumenting a binary
========================================

.. raw:: html

   <p align="center"><iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/2B0gRr3FygQ?modestbranding=1" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe></p>

Writing an ROCm Systems Profiler configuration file
========================================

.. raw:: html

   <p align="center"><iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/oG_fPYx9_gs?modestbranding=1" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe></p>

Visualization and features of Perfetto traces
=============================================

.. raw:: html

   <p align="center"><iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/7WN3N1hnCbI?modestbranding=1" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe></p>

Commit message:

Note that videos were recorded using the "Omnitrace" name.

docs/tutorials/video-tutorials.rst, after:

.. meta::
   :description: ROCm Systems Profiler video documentation and reference
   :keywords: rocprof-sys, rocprofiler-systems, Omnitrace, ROCm, profiler, video, tutorial, demonstration, tracking, visualization, tool, Instinct, accelerator, AMD

****************************************************
Video tutorials
****************************************************

The following video tutorials provide a visual guide to using ROCm Systems Profiler.
They were recorded using the former name of the tool, Omnitrace, but the content is still applicable.

Installing a binary release
========================================

.. raw:: html

   <p align="center"><iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/gKtNCKf1IXA?modestbranding=1" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe></p>

Instrumenting a binary
========================================

.. raw:: html

   <p align="center"><iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/2B0gRr3FygQ?modestbranding=1" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe></p>

Writing an ROCm Systems Profiler configuration file
========================================

.. raw:: html

   <p align="center"><iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/oG_fPYx9_gs?modestbranding=1" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe></p>

Visualization and features of Perfetto traces
=============================================

.. raw:: html

   <p align="center"><iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/7WN3N1hnCbI?modestbranding=1" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe></p>
